Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE (#4704)
RMC-14/RMC-14: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## About the PR
<!-- What did you change? Why? -->

## Media
<!-- Attach media if the PR makes ingame changes (clothing, items, features, etc). 
Small fixes/refactors are exempt. -->

## Requirements
<!-- Confirm the following by placing an X in the brackets [X]: -->
- [ ] I have tested all added content and changes.
- [ ] I have added media to this PR or it does not require an ingame showcase.

## Technical details
<!-- Summary of code changes for easier review. -->

## Breaking changes
<!-- List any breaking changes, including namespaces, public class/method/field changes, prototype renames; and provide instructions for fixing them.
This will be posted in #codebase-changes. -->

**Changelog**
<!-- Add a Changelog entry to make players aware of new features or changes that could affect gameplay.
Changelog must have a :cl: symbol, so the bot recognizes the changes and adds them to the game's changelog.

> Add your name after the :cl: to have it credited in game. -->

Author: ```suggestion
Add your name after the :cl: to change the display name credited in game, otherwise your github name will be used. Delete the changelog if you are leaving it empty. -->
```
